Fix typo (#40)
Zaplib/zaplib: zaplib/docs/src/tutorial_3d_rendering.md

# Rendering 3D Meshes

> This guide will walk through the rendering API provided by Zaplib. We'll go through a few steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide walks through Zaplib's rendering API. We'll go through a few steps:
```
